ways people think of a portfolio as just
a place to house information so you kind
of put your good works in a portfolio
and then you can use it to show other
people what you've done a portfolio is a
collection of students work where they
can exhibit their efforts their progress
and their achievements in their college
career
learning portfolio is a compilation of
evidence demonstrating specific learning
outcomes additionally a learning
portfolio is a repository of student's
academic work a learning portfolio is a
flexible document that engages students
in continuous and thoughtful analysis
and assessment of what they're learning
across the disciplines it's rooted in
collaboration and reflection and
evidence and it provides the students
both with documentation of what they're
learning as well as a visual reminder of
what they've accomplished
a learning portfolio is important
because it requires students to utilize
many of the skills that they learn in
student success such as time management
and organization I like to remind
students that these are skills they not
only need to succeed in college but also
skills that employers will also look for
in them a learning portfolio is
important because it gives students the
opportunity to apply what they're
learning in the Student Success course
to their life by developing the
portfolio they're applying their
critical thinking skills to come up with
the artifacts that they're going to be
including in the portfolio and and how
those artifacts are a demonstration of
what's important in each of our
essential areas of the portfolio getting
our students to go beyond just rote
memory of information not just learning
about learning styles or learning about
memory but taking those skills that
they've learned about themselves and
then applying it somewhere else the
learning portfolio is important because
it strongly contributes to student's
academic success also assures
progression
students benefit because the portfolio
highlights the students individuality
their creativity and their growth in the
course students benefit from creating a
learning portfolio by way of reflecting
on their goals both educationally and
for their career and in creating the
portfolio and bringing in these
artifacts to demonstrate their
competencies they are also creating a
valuable piece of work that can help
them as they interact with future
employers or even when they go after
possible internship opportunities or
service opportunities surface learning
opportunities while they're at Valencia
I think having the activities that we
have in our new portfolio it's going to
make our students continue to go back to
some of these assignments back to what
they've learned and think about how can
I take that information out into my
other classes how can I take that
information out into my world of work
how can I take that information into
maybe my interpersonal relationships and
actually apply what they're learning in
class I don't like to tell students the
benefits of creating a learning
portfolio at the beginning of this
semester I like them to discover the
benefits on their own at the end of the
semester this usually happens when we
talk about career development in the
course and they start to realize that
their portfolio will come in handy one
day when they come to prepare for an
interview then students realize that the
portfolio is just not preparing them for
student success it's also preparing them
for life
with all the assignments and journals
that my teacher assigned to the class it
helped me to get all my thoughts into a
clear and precise way on paper so that
my readers can understand what I exactly
what I have to say it allows you to
improve your elaboration skills to
inform others of what you learned and
what you want to learn I think that the
most important thing with writing is
that that you your audience can
understand what you're trying to
articulate and through the process of
writing those journals I've been able to
do that a lot better
it is very beneficial to me because they
help me analyze my goals in a realistic
way by setting the goals for myself
achieving those goals and also the
academic goes that it took to get to
that stuff and also it helped me the
chance to interview the professionals
that I am interested in going into such
as criminal justice and also criminal
justice professor Almeida gonna analyze
the salary that I had to take and also
achieving the goal in a realistic manner
the portfolio first of all was really
beneficial because it allowed me to
organize my thoughts in a better way I
would also say that the exploration
component that we had to research allow
me to realize what I was getting into as
far as my career being that I'm going
into law school I know that I'm gonna
have to go through a bachelor's degree
as well as a master's degree and find
the correct program for me as well as
passing the LSAT which is a requirement
for my degree and for my field so for me
to be able to do all those things and
research those things as well as the
salary that I'm going to obtain really
was really beneficial for me
it helps me to get more organized
because I am someone who can put things
off a lot and basically this gave me
deadlines and I'm not necessarily
waiting till the last minute but because
at that time hasn't even come but I know
what I'm gonna do before it actually
comes the portfolio will help you out
with the advising session that you can
meet with a counselor to help you get
your specific class schedule set up for
you to obtain your degree and whatever
feel that you're going into being that
the portfolio as well as the exploration
component are kind of combining the two
they really help you consider what
you're getting into and being that you
know what you're getting into you're
able to be more motivated to achieve
your goals academically
and so it'll not only will let it help
you academically because you know what
you're getting into but overall it's
just going to help you period